README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">~<!-- Add Project Title Here -->~</h1>
<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/MaxBrockbank.png" width="200px" height="auto" >
</div>
<p align="center">Authored by Max Brockabnk</p>
<p align="center">Updated on Nov 13th, 2020</p>

## Description

## Required Technologies
* Modern Browser
* Text editor
* Node.js


## Set-up Instructions
1. Clone this repo to your desktop
2. Run ``npm install to get node modules``
3. Run ``npm run start`` to start development server and view in the broweser
* _Alternatively you can click just click [HERE]()_

## Technologies Used
* JavaScript/jQuery
* NPM/Webpack/Jest

## Known Bugs

## Specs

| Behavior  | Input | Output  |
| :--- | :---: |  :---:  |
|1. Create new instance of the Galactic_Age class, passing in user's name and age | Greg, 21 | object.values(greg) = ["Greg", 21]|
|2. Accuratley produce input age in Mercury years, which is about 88 Earth days per solar year, rounded down to nearest whole number.|| greg.mercuryAge = 87|
|3. Accuratley produce input age in Venus years, which is about 225 Earth days per solar year, rounded down to nearest whole number.|| greg.venusAge = 34|
|4. Accuratley produce input age in Mars years, which is about 687 Earth days per solar year, rounded down to nearest whole number.|| greg.marsAge = 11|
|5. Accuratley produce input age in Jupiter years, which is about 4,333 Earth days per solar year, rounded down to nearest whole number.|| greg.jupiterAge = 1|
|6. Add average life expectancy of about 72 years as estimated by the UN in 2019, as expectedLife property to Galactic_Age class constructor||greg.expectedLife = 72|
|7. Check life expectancy against different planet ages and return proper response|greg.mercuryAge|"15 years past life expectancy"|
## Legal
* Copyright © 2020 Max Brockbank
* This software is licensed under the MIT license

Commit message:

spec 8 for user adjusting of life expectancy

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">~<!-- Add Project Title Here -->~</h1>
<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/MaxBrockbank.png" width="200px" height="auto" >
</div>
<p align="center">Authored by Max Brockabnk</p>
<p align="center">Updated on Nov 13th, 2020</p>

## Description

## Required Technologies
* Modern Browser
* Text editor
* Node.js


## Set-up Instructions
1. Clone this repo to your desktop
2. Run ``npm install to get node modules``
3. Run ``npm run start`` to start development server and view in the broweser
* _Alternatively you can click just click [HERE]()_

## Technologies Used
* JavaScript/jQuery
* NPM/Webpack/Jest

## Known Bugs

## Specs

| Behavior  | Input | Output  |
| :--- | :---: |  :---  |
|1. Create new instance of the Galactic_Age class, passing in user's name and age | Greg, 21 | object.values(greg) = ["Greg", 21]|
|2. Accuratley produce input age in Mercury years, which is about 88 Earth days per solar year, rounded down to nearest whole number.|| greg.mercuryAge = 87|
|3. Accuratley produce input age in Venus years, which is about 225 Earth days per solar year, rounded down to nearest whole number.|| greg.venusAge = 34|
|4. Accuratley produce input age in Mars years, which is about 687 Earth days per solar year, rounded down to nearest whole number.|| greg.marsAge = 11|
|5. Accuratley produce input age in Jupiter years, which is about 4,333 Earth days per solar year, rounded down to nearest whole number.|| greg.jupiterAge = 1|
|6. Add average life expectancy of about 72 years as estimated by the UN in 2019, as expectedLife property to Galactic_Age class constructor||greg.expectedLife = 72|
|7. Check life expectancy against different planet ages and return proper response|greg.mercuryAge|"15 years past life expectancy"|
|8. Allow user to adjust life expectancy property, this will be another adjustment to the existing test for spec #1.|||
## Legal
* Copyright © 2020 Max Brockbank
* This software is licensed under the MIT license
